DDS: Zscaler Private Access: TLS-Encrypted Logs Support (#22118)
DataDog/integrations-core: zscaler_private_access/README.md

   **Note**:

>    - `PORT`: If TLS encryption is enabled, `port` should be similar to the `destination_port` provided in **Certificate Setup Guide** section; otherwise, it should be similar to the `port` provided in **Configure log receiver from Zscaler Private Access** section.

Author: Done.

3. Click **Add**.
4. In the **Log Receiver** tab, configure the following:
    - **Name**: Provide a name for the log receiver.

>     - **Domain or IP Address**: If TLS encryption is enabled, provide the `public IP` or `hostname` of the `syslog-ng` server; otherwise, provide the `public IP` or `hostname` of the Datadog agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Domain or IP Address**: If TLS encryption is enabled, provide the `public IP` or `hostname` of the `syslog-ng` server; otherwise, provide the `public IP` or `hostname` of the Datadog Agent.
```

>     - **TCP Port**: If TLS encryption is enabled, specify an open port on the `syslog-ng` server; otherwise, specify an open port on the Datadog agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **TCP Port**: If TLS encryption is enabled, specify an open port on the `syslog-ng` server; otherwise, specify an open port on the Datadog Agent.
```

>     - **TLS Encryption**: Disabled by default. If you choose to enable it, make sure to follow the steps in the **Certificate Setup Guide**.

Author: Changes done.

   {"LogTimestamp": %j{LogTimestamp:time},"Customer": %j{Customer},"AgentID": %j{AgentID},"AgentName": %j{AgentName},"ResourceID": %j{ResourceID},"ResourceName": %j{ResourceName},"AppZoneID": %j{AppZoneID},"AppName": %j{AppName},"AppZoneName": %j{AppZoneName},"ConnectionStartTime": %j{ConnectionStartTime},"SourceIP": %j{SourceIP},"DestinationIP": %j{DestinationIP},"SourcePorts": %j{SourcePorts},"DestinationPort": %j{DestinationPort},"Protocol": %j{Protocol},"AppExecutablePath": %j{AppExecutablePath},"Direction": %j{Direction},"PolicyID": %j{PolicyID},"PolicyName": %j{PolicyName},"EnforcementReason": %j{EnforcementReason},"EnforcementAction": %j{EnforcementAction},"EnforcementDisposition": %j{EnforcementDisposition},"EventType": "microsegmentation"}\n
   ```

#### Certificate Setup Guide
> Note:
>- The steps below are performed on the RHEL 8.
>- Follow the steps if the **TLS Encryption** option is enabled in **Configure log receiver from Zscaler Private Access**.

> 1. Create Custom Root CA with its corresponding private key.

Author: Done.

   ```
   openssl genrsa -out rootCA.key 4096
   ```
2. In the ZPA Admin Portal, **Configuration & Control > Certificate Management > Enrollment Certificates > Upload Certificate Chain**, upload **rootCA.crt**.
3. Go to **Configuration & Control > Certificate Management > Enrollment Certificates > Actions > Create CSR**.
   - Provide a name & description

>    - Download the CSR (e.g., zpa_enrollment.csr)

Author: Done.

4. Sign ZPA CSR Using Root CA generated in Step 1.
   - Create ext.cnf:
      ```
      basicConstraints = CA:TRUE
      keyUsage = critical, digitalSignature, keyCertSign, cRLSign
      extendedKeyUsage = serverAuth, clientAuth
      subjectKeyIdentifier = hash
      authorityKeyIdentifier = keyid:always
      ```
   - Sign the CSR
      ```
      openssl x509 -req -in zpa_enrollment.csr \
      -CA rootCA.crt -CAkey rootCA.key -CAcreateserial \
      -out zpa_enrollment_signed.crt \
      -days 365 -sha256 \
      -extfile ext.cnf
      ```

> 5. Navigate to **Configuration & Control > Certificate Management > Enrollment Certificates > Upload Certificate Chain**, and upload `zpa_enrollment_signed.crt` and `rootCA.crt`.

Author: Done.

> 6. Deploy your app connector with the signed certificate imported in the previous step. See [here][7] for more information based on your platform.

Author: Done.

   - Download the App Connector package
   - Install `zpa_enrollment_signed.crt` and select Enrollment Key if applicable.
7. Install `syslog-ng` log shipper
   - On RHEL 8: Enable the `supplementary` repository
      ```
      subscription-manager repos --enable rhel-8-for-x86_64-supplementary-rpms
      ```
   -  The Extra Packages for Enterprise Linux (EPEL) repository contains many useful packages, which are not included in RHEL. A few dependencies of syslog-ng are available this repo. You can enable it by downloading and installing an RPM package (replace 8 with 7 for EPEL 7):
      ```
      wget https://dl.fedoraproject.org/pub/epel/epel-release-latest-8.noarch.rpm
      rpm -Uvh epel-release-latest-8.noarch.rpm
      ```

>    - Add the repo containing the latest unofficial build of syslog-ng. By the time of writing it is syslog-ng 4.10 and it is available on the Copr build service. Download the repo file to /etc/yum.repos.d/, so you can install and enable syslog-ng (replace 8 with 7 for EPEL 7):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Add the repository containing the latest unofficial syslog-ng build (version 4.10 at the time of writing), available via the Copr build service. Download the repo file to/etc/yum.repos.d/to install and enable syslog-ng (replace 8 with 7 for EPEL 7):
```

Author: Done.

      ```
      cd /etc/yum.repos.d/
      wget https://copr.fedorainfracloud.org/coprs/czanik/syslog-ng410/repo/epel-8/czanik-syslog-ng410-epel-8.repo
      yum install syslog-ng
      systemctl enable syslog-ng
      systemctl start syslog-ng
      ```

> 8. Create Server TLS Certificate for syslog-ng

Author: Done,
